[Music]
hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make pancakes from scratch
actually I received many many requests
finally making this to tomorrow I hope
you find this helpful
and I will be in China here are the
ingredients
sifting all the dry ingredients in the
bowl yes I'm using regular sugar
[Music]
the mix well with a whisk then beat one
egg in a different bowl add milk and mix
well add the dry ingredients one third
at a time and mix just until blended now
at cooking oil and mix again cover with
plastic wrap and leave to set for five
minutes meanwhile heat a nonstick frying
pan over medium heat if you are using a
regular pan you want to apply some oil
now place the pan on the wet towel to
cool down a little bit then turn the
heat down to low and place the pan back
to the stove for about half a ladle off
the batter onto the pan
[Music]
when bubbles appear on the surface flip
with the spatula then cook for a minute
until browned on the other side repeat
the steps to complete the rest place a
piece of butter and pour some maple
syrup and now it's done thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial
[Music]
that's so great that I can
you